Add a small boilerplate README with important links and references (#1)
fortran-lang/.github: README.md

# Community resources for fortran-lang

> This repository holds our central community resources, like our community wide
> [code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) and other similar documents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository holds our central community resources, like the community-wide
￼[Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) and other documents.
```

## Contributing to fortran-lang

If you plan to contribute to fortran-lang, have a look at the other repositories at
[@fortran-lang](https://github.com/fortran-lang).

> For some pointers where to go next from here, have a look at the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For some pointers where to go next from here, have a look at:
```

> If you plan to contribute to fortran-lang, have a look at the other repositories at
> [@fortran-lang](https://github.com/fortran-lang).
> For some pointers where to go next from here, have a look at:
> 
> - [standard library](https://github.com/fortran-lang/stdlib)
> - [package manager](https://github.com/fortran-lang/fpm)
> - [webpage sources](https://github.com/fortran-lang/fortran-lang.org)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to contribute to fortran-lang, look at other ￼[@fortran-lang](https://github.com/fortran-lang) repositories:

￼- [Standard library](https://github.com/fortran-lang/stdlib)
￼- [Package manager](https://github.com/fortran-lang/fpm)
￼- [Website sources](https://github.com/fortran-lang/fortran-lang.org)
```

> ## Contributing to this resources

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Contributing to this repository
```

> You want to shape help this community? You are more than welcome.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Want to help shape this community? You are more than welcome.
```
